Player, who are you with?
Company colleagues, that company party, that elephant
just kidding
Don't take me for a fool
Are you kidding me to say such ambiguous words?
You mean you suspect me of cheating?
When you accused me of not believing you
Now you don't believe me?
Is it really a joke?
Forget it, just don't believe it.
Sorry ok
Let's get down to business
We had a lot of misunderstandings that day.
I want to find an opportunity
Have a good chat with you and your aunt
Tomorrow is my mom's birthday.
Let's go out for dinner together
Even if I break up, I will break up cleanly
Why did Night Dream come?
My mom likes you
Have you considered my feelings?
Why don't you reflect on yourself
Only content
Why don't you think about how to please my mother?
It's my birthday!
Some people are too embarrassed to lick their faces and come empty-handed
Since you're here, buy me a bracelet as a gift